ParseEmailFiles - fails on timeout when body is very long (#13730)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_4_7.md

#### Scripts
##### ParseEmailFiles

> - Fixed an issue where the script gets timeout error with long message body as input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script fails on timeout intermittently when receiving long emails.
```
